0.  GIF for animation
1.  BMP = 32 bits or over 4 million, GIF = 256 colors, JPeg = 16.7 million, PNG = 16 million
2.  Lossless compression recreatea a file as an identical match to its original form.  Lossy compression eliminates repeated or unnecessary
    pieces of data.
3.  JPeg
4.  Two things, one the system modifies te file name's first character in the file's directory entry to signal that the file has been deleted and
    that the directory entry can be recycled.  Second, the system moves all of the file's FAT clusters to the hard drive's list of free clusters.
    The actual file data is never touched.
5.  I can use a disk sanitizer/decassifers and a slack-space sanitizer to sanitize hard drive info by intentionall over writing that data with 
    other data so the orignal data cannot be recovered.
6.  A header file that declares sets of integers types having specified widths and shall define corresponding sets of macros.  It shall also define
    macros that specify limits of intefer types corresponding to types defined in other standard headers.
7.  Because they are integer types having exactly the specified width.  They are exact integer types and defined in stdint.h.
8.  Byte = 1 Byte, Dword = 4 bytes, word = 2 bytes, long = 4 bytes
9.  They are the first bits of a file which uniquely identify the type of file. FF, D8, FF, EO = JPeg
10. Bi-size is the size of the bitmapinfoheader structure given in bytes usually 40.  Bfsize is the size of the entire header structure including
    the color table, plus the size of the bit map data.  Normall they header is split up into a bitmapfileheader and a bitmapinfo(bitmapinfoheader
    and a color table of RGB Quads).
11. The bitmap is top down DIB with the orgin a the upper left corner.
12. The biBit Count member determines the number of bits that define each pixel and max number of colors in a bitmap.
13. fopens opens a file for subsequent reading or writing.  If successful, "fopen returns a pointer-to-structure, if it fails it returns NULL.
14. number of elements to read one at a time.
15. 3 * 3 = 9 + 3 = 12; 3 bytes
16. Skips over any padding and looks for the next pixel (RGBTRIPLE)
17. This is an integer constant which when used is the argument to fseek or fseek function specifies that the offset provided is relative to
    the current file position.
18. Milo Banana dun it!
